[
    {
        "question": "Passage: \"Eric , a young boy , is excited about his birthday after reading a book and believes that a train will come for him , despite his sister Jill's disbelief .  A few hours later , the train station's control tower wakes up and in the roundhouse , Tillie , a young little blue switcher engine , along with her best bird friend , Chip , wakes up four other trains : Georgia , a kind all-purpose engine , Farnsworth , a stuck-up passenger engine , Jebediah , a worn-out old engine , and Pete , a gruff , burly freight engine .  After the tower assigns Farnsworth and Pete their jobs , Tillie tries to help with the milk train assigned to Jebediah , but the tower insists that she is too small for the job .  Georgia is assigned to pull the birthday train .  A clown named Rollo leads the toys into the train , including Stretch , a basketball player ; Missy , a ballerina ; a Handy Pandy , a panda ; Perky , an elephant ; and Grumpella , a stuffed bird .  During her journey , Georgia breaks down and is taken back to the roundhouse by Doc .  Left behind , Rollo eventually takes Doc's advice of flagging down one of the other engines returning from their daily runs over the mountain .  Farnsworth and Pete turn down their offers to pull the train .  Meanwhile , Tillie asks the tower to rescue the stranded train , but he insists that Tillie will never do the job .  Jebediah turns down his offer to pull the train because of his age , and returns to the roundhouse .  Chip and Tillie sneak past the sleeping tower and pulls the birthday train up a mountain . \"\nQuestion: Which trains turn down the request to pull the birthday train?\nStudent's Answer: Jebediah. Is the student's answer correct or wrong?",
        "answer": " wrong",
        "ground_truth": "Correct"
    },
    {
        "question": "Passage: \"The Earth is tilted 23 1/2 on its axis. This means that as the Earth rotates, one hemisphere has longer days with shorter nights. At the same time the other hemisphere has shorter days and longer nights. For example, in the Northern hemisphere summer begins on June 21. On this date, the North Pole is pointed directly toward the Sun. This is the longest day and shortest night of the year in the Northern Hemisphere. The South Pole is pointed The hemisphere that is tilted away from the Sun is cooler because it receives fewer direct rays. As Earth orbits the Sun, the Northern Hemisphere goes from winter to spring, then summer and fall. The Southern Hemisphere does the opposite from summer to fall to winter to spring. When it is winter in the Northern hemisphere, it is summer in the Southern hemisphere, and vice versa. What does this mean for you? If you live in North America, July 1 is usually a very warm day. If you traveled to Southern Australia, you would need a heavy coat. At the equator, the seasons never change. As a result, the average daily temperatures remain the same. There is no summer and winter as we know them. \"\nQuestion: Why would one hemisphere (either northern or southern) have longer days and shorter nights than its opposite hemisphere?\nStudent's Answer: Because season change is required for many animals to survive.. Is the student's answer correct or wrong?",
        "answer": " correct",
        "ground_truth": "Wrong"
    }
]